Jonathan Chang: jets.
LEEZ0074@e.ntu.edu.sg: Okay 5.9793519726 critical.
Jonathan Chang: care for takeoff runway to six recap five five minutes.
Jonathan Chang: 5197 passing 2000 requests hitting 245 UN.
LEEZ0074@e.ntu.edu.sg: De re K five 197 light hitting.
LEEZ0074@e.ntu.edu.sg: 2455 197 right kept five 197 plane flight Level one is zero.
Jonathan Chang: clarify Level one nine, as you can find one minus.
LEEZ0074@e.ntu.edu.sg: Negative climates like Level one is the rule.
Jonathan Chang: Like level 1805597.
LEEZ0074@e.ntu.edu.sg: And report by seems like Level one for the road, thank you.
Jonathan Chang: You pop passing by level 14055 minutes if.
Jonathan Chang: We can't find 197 I seems like everyone falls you.
LEEZ0074@e.ntu.edu.sg: recap 5197 continue continue claim flat Level one is zero and then hitting switch to 160 decimal six.
Jonathan Chang: maintain hitting continue climb High Level one is you switching to exude a small.
LEEZ0074@e.ntu.edu.sg: recap 5.987654384 to have it done right hitting 010 maintain 3000 feet.
Jonathan Chang: evita 010 23,000 Singapore 384 to.
Jonathan Chang: Singapore tower look at four to nine or.
LEEZ0074@e.ntu.edu.sg: Go to Singapore tower go ahead.
Jonathan Chang: Okay, four to 900 requests etc parents to hold on hold.
Jonathan Chang: Like them into threes you.
LEEZ0074@e.ntu.edu.sg: Go cat four to nine to Kuala Lumpur via flat flat flat Level three zero squat 2400.
Jonathan Chang: Okay 49 get to vote by a flight and not high level 23024 years you.
LEEZ0074@e.ntu.edu.sg: Go get four to nine or contacting a playground 120 decimal three.
Jonathan Chang: i'm texting above ground 120 this movie okay four to nine.
Jonathan Chang: And what our jetstar it's seven three mini project budget.
LEEZ0074@e.ntu.edu.sg: Just that it's seven three surface when 200 degrees one zero not climb to 3000 feet runway to six clip for takeoff.
Jonathan Chang: had to take off from three to six climb 3000 just that it's.
LEEZ0074@e.ntu.edu.sg: Just it's seven three claim flat level 160 report passing like level 120.
Jonathan Chang: i'm flat level 160 Reebok passing by one to sue jetstar.
Jonathan Chang: 872 hours you have all 3842 finals primary to six.
LEEZ0074@e.ntu.edu.sg: Singapore through it for to clear to learn runway to six when 270 degrees one zero not.
Jonathan Chang: Get the land run me 263842873 is an employee number one who's you.
LEEZ0074@e.ntu.edu.sg: get fat it seven three contacts Singapore departure one to four decimal six.
Jonathan Chang: contacting our departure want to follow this musics jetstar it's 70.
Jonathan Chang: saying about our vocab for 293 to six ready for departure.
LEEZ0074@e.ntu.edu.sg: Go for 293 about our surface when 220 degrees it not claim to 3000 feet runway to six clear for takeoff.
Jonathan Chang: can take off and way to six climb 3000 feet cook it for to.
Jonathan Chang: say about our sky but six you to carly holding over.
LEEZ0074@e.ntu.edu.sg: I bought fixer a boosting up auto go ahead.
Jonathan Chang: Requesting to lead you to be go through Skype or six you to.
LEEZ0074@e.ntu.edu.sg: copy Skype at six zero to 10 net hitting 0901 9000 feet.
Jonathan Chang: Left and hitting 090 9000 feet sky but it's easier to.
LEEZ0074@e.ntu.edu.sg: Okay, four to nine climb flat Level one nine and zero report by saying, like Level one false.
Jonathan Chang: Claims like Level one nine as you, you bought a sea.
LEEZ0074@e.ntu.edu.sg: level 140429602 report finals.
Jonathan Chang: sky but 602 finals roughly.
LEEZ0074@e.ntu.edu.sg: 2660 turtle and run with to six when 230 degrees one to not.
Jonathan Chang: get to land runway to six times six you to.
Jonathan Chang: cook at four to nine up passing Level one or zero.
LEEZ0074@e.ntu.edu.sg: Okay, four to nine contact Singapore departure one to four decimal six.
Jonathan Chang: went too far less mistakes cook it for two mega D.